---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudns_dns_record Resource - terraform-provider-cloudns"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A simple DNS record.
---

# cloudns_dns_record (Resource)

A simple DNS record.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Adding an A record on the apex of the "something.cloudns.net" zone
resource "cloudns_dns_record" "some-record" {
  # something.cloudns.net 600 in A 1.2.3.4
  name  = ""
  zone  = "something.cloudns.net"
  type  = "A"
  value = "1.2.3.4"
  ttl   = "600"
}


# Adding an A record on the "something.cloudns.net" zone
resource "cloudns_dns_record" "some-record" {
  # something-else.something.cloudns.net 600 in A 1.2.3.4
  name  = "something-else"
  zone  = "something.cloudns.net"
  type  = "A"
  value = "1.2.3.5"
  ttl   = "600"
}


# Adding an MX record on the apex of the "something.cloudns.net" zone
resource "cloudns_dns_record" "some-record" {
  # something.cloudns.net 600 in MX mail.example.com
  name     = ""
  zone     = "something.cloudns.net"
  type     = "MX"
  value    = "mail.example.com"
  ttl      = "3600"
  priority = "20"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the record (eg: `[something].cloudns.net 600 in A 1.2.3.4`)
- `ttl` (Number) The TTL to assign to the record (eg: `something.cloudns.net [600] in A 1.2.3.4`)
- `type` (String) The type of record (eg: `something.cloudns.net 600 in [A] 1.2.3.4`)
- `value` (String) Value of the record (eg: `something.cloudns.net 600 in A [1.2.3.4]`)
- `zone` (String) The zone on which to add the record (eg: `something.[cloudns.net] 600 in A 1.2.3.4`)

### Optional

- `value` (String) Value of the record.
- `priority` (Int) Priority for MX record.
- `weight` (Int) Weight for SRV record.
- `port` (Int) Port for SRV record.
- `frame` (String) Frame for WR record - 0 or 1 to disable or enable frame.
- `frametitle` (String) Title if frame is enabled in Web redirects.
- `framekeywords` (String) Keywords if frame is enabled in Web redirects.
- `framedescription` (String) Description if frame is enabled in Web redirects.
- `mobilemeta` (Int) Mobile responsive meta tags if Web redirects with frame is enabled. Default value - 0.
- `savepath` (Int) 0 or 1 for Web redirects.
- `redirecttype` (Int) 301 or 302 for Web redirects if frame is disabled.
- `mail` (String) E-mail address for RP records.
- `txt` (String) Domain name for TXT record used in RP records.
- `algorithm` (Int) Algorithm used to create the SSHFP fingerprint. Required for SSHFP records only.
- `fptype` (Int) Type of the SSHFP algorithm. Required for SSHFP records only.
- `status` (Int) Set to 1 to create the record active or to 0 to create it inactive. If omitted the record will be created active.
- `geodnslocation` (String) ID of a GeoDNS location for A, AAAA, CNAME, NAPTR or SRV record.
- `geodnscode` (String) Code of a GeoDNS location for A, AAAA, CNAME, NAPTR or SRV record.
- `caaflag` (String) 0 - Non critical or 128 - Critical.
- `caatype` (String) Type of CAA record. The available flags are issue, issuewild, iodef.
- `caavalue` (String) Value of the CAA record.
- `tlsausage` (String) Shows the provided association that will be used.
- `tlsaselector` (String) Specifies which part of the TLS certificate presented by the server will be matched against the association data.
- `tlsamatchingtype` (String) Specifies how the certificate association is presented.
- `smimeausage` (String) Shows the provided association that will be used.
- `smimeaselector` (String) Specifies which part of the TLS certificate presented by the server will be matched against the association data.
- `smimeamatchingtype` (String) Specifies how the certificate association is presented.
- `keytag` (Int) A numeric value used for identifying the referenced DS record.
- `digesttype` (Int) The cryptographic hash algorithm used to create the Digest value.
- `order` (String) Specifies the order in which multiple NAPTR records must be processed (low to high).
- `pref` (String) Specifies the order (low to high) in which NAPTR records with equal Order values should be processed.
- `flag` (String) Controls aspects of the rewriting and interpretation of the fields in the record.
- `params` (String) Specifies the service parameters applicable to this delegation path.
- `regexp` (String) Contains a substitution expression that is applied to the original string, held by the client in order to construct the next domain name to lookup.
- `replace` (String) Specifies the next domain name (fully qualified) to query for depending on the potential values found in the flags field.
- `certtype` (Int) Type of the Certificate/CRL.
- `certkeytag` (Int) A numeric value (0-65535), used to efficiently pick a CERT record.
- `certalgorithm` (Int) Identifies the algorithm used to produce a legitimate signature.
- `latdeg` (Float) A numeric value (0-90), sets the latitude degrees.
- `latmin` (Float) A numeric value (0-59), sets the latitude minutes.
- `latsec` (Float) A numeric value (0-59), sets the latitude seconds.
- `latdir` (String) Sets the latitude direction. Possible values: N - North, S - South.
- `longdeg` (Float) A numeric value (0-180), sets the longitude degrees.
- `longmin` (Float) A numeric value (0-59), sets the longitude minutes.
- `longsec` (Float) A numeric value (0-59), sets the longitude seconds.
- `longdir` (String) Sets the longitude direction. Possible values: W - West, E - East.
- `altitude` (String) A numeric value (-100000.00 - 42849672.95), sets the altitude in meters.
- `size` (String) A numeric value (0 - 90000000.00), sets the size in meters.
- `hprecision` (String) A numeric value (0 - 90000000.00), sets the horizontal precision in meters.
- `vprecision` (String) A numeric value (0 - 90000000.00), sets the vertical precision in meters.
- `cpu` (String) The CPU of the server.
- `os` (String) The operating system of the server.


### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
